mimirtool: Add chunk digest flag to remote-read dump command (#11734)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/tools/mimirtool.md

- `--use-chunks=true` (default): Requests chunked streaming response for better performance with large datasets
- `--use-chunks=false`: Requests traditional sampled response format

> - `--chunk-digest`: Print chunk metadata (min time, max time, SHA256 checksum) instead of decoding samples when using chunked responses. Can only be combined with `--use-chunks`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--chunk-digest`: Prints chunk metadata (minimum time, maximum time, andSHA256 checksum) instead of decoding samples when using chunked responses. You can only combine this flag with `--use-chunks`.
```
